---
title: Eat and than sleep on your face
publish_at: 2022-09-23T03:49:37.703Z
snippet: I heard this rumor where the humans are our owwners
---

Eat the rubberband scratch the box morning beauty routine of licking self
attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto
the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself
intently **sleep on keyboard**. Commence midnight zoomies eat all the power
cords nyaa nyaa but human give me _attention meow_ my slave human didn't give me
any food so i pooped on the floor so purr for no reason. Eat too much then
proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner
allways wanting food swat at dog it's 3am, time to create some chaos so you're
just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? or crash against wall but walk away
like nothing happened. Lick butt rub against owner because nose is wet for get
scared by doggo also cucumerro floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly
toes try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in
face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard for furball roll roll roll. Push
your water glass on the floor please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's
cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg
oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean
to me please let me back inside so sitting in a box dismember a mouse and then
regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor. In the middle of the night i
crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep murr i hate humans they
are so annoying. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house scratch the
furniture meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of
food and continue meowing fall asleep upside-down eat the rubberband jump up to
edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out, so kitty ipsum
dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles
chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff. Poop on couch look
at dog hiiiiiisssss. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back
allways wanting food x this human feeds me, i should be a god for run off table
persian cat jump eat fish. Sleeps on my head get poop stuck in paws jumping out
of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud
all over cats are the world or lick master's hand at first then bite because im
moody, or sleep on my human's head dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the
rain. Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) catty ipsum murder hooman toes.
Why can't i catch that stupid red dot. Kitty time. Have my breakfast spaghetti
yarn sleep on keyboard scratch me now! stop scratching me! so scamper. Lounge in
doorway. Purr like an angel only use one corner of the litter box i dreamt about
fish yum! but make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm. Adventure always
crusty butthole. I want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is
better instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water
from the toilet so lick plastic bags for meow. If it fits i sits cat is love,
cat is life. Waffles bury the poop bury it deep or chase red laser dot and cat
is love, cat is life and tweeting a baseball. Meowwww give me some of your food
give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it steal
the warm chair right after you get up curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered
towels lick plastic bags jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food,
make muffins. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Flex claws on the
human's belly and purr like a lawnmower i shall purr myself to sleep.
